feat: [zabbix connector] added push data with zabbix connector from vmagent (#6087)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/): stream responses from backends to clients without delays. Previously the backend data could be buffered at `vmauth` side for indefinite amounts of time. This was preventing from using `vmauth` for streaming the data from backends in [live tailing mode](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#live-tailing). See [VictoriaLogs#667](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/667).
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert/): add `-rule.resultsLimit` command-line flag to allow limiting the number of alerts or recording results a single rule can produce. See [#5792](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5792).

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): add support of Zabbix Connector ingestion format. See [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/integrations/zabbixconnector/#send-data-from-zabbix-connector) for the details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/), [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): add support of [Zabbix Connector](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/integrations/zabbixconnector/#send-data-from-zabbix-connector) ingestion format. See [#6087](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6087). Thanks to @SinotQ for the contribution.
```
